[OSDOCS#17174]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114085)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-crd-profile.adoc

[id="profile-object_{context}"]
= Profile object

[role="_abstract"]

> The `Profile` object defines the rules and variables that can be evaluated for a certain compliance standard. It contains parsed out details about an OpenSCAP profile, such as its XCCDF identifier and profile checks for a `Node` or `Platform` type. You can either directly use the `Profile` object or further customize it using a `TailorProfile` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `Profile` object to review parsed out details about an OpenSCAP profile, such as its XCCDF identifier and profile checks for a `Node` or `Platform` type. 

The `Profile` object defines the rules and variables that can be evaluated for a certain compliance standard. You can either directly use the `Profile` object or further customize it using a `TailorProfile` object.
```

  resourceVersion: "<version number>"
  selfLink: /apis/compliance.openshift.io/v1alpha1/namespaces/openshift-compliance/profiles/rhcos4-moderate
  uid: <uid string>
rules:
- rhcos4-account-disable-post-pw-expiration
- rhcos4-accounts-no-uid-except-zero
- rhcos4-audit-rules-dac-modification-chmod
- rhcos4-audit-rules-dac-modification-chown
title: <title of the profile>
----
+
where:

`id`:: Specifies the XCCDF name of the profile. Use this identifier when you define a `ComplianceScan` object as the value of the profile attribute of the scan.

> `compliance.openshift.io/product-type`:: Specifies either a `Node` or `Platform`. Node profiles scan the cluster nodes and platform profiles scan the Kubernetes platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`metadata.annotations.compliance.openshift.io/product-type`:: Specifies either a `Node` or `Platform`. Node profiles scan the cluster nodes and platform profiles scan the Kubernetes platform.
```
